jumps marbá giro gyro ex parma fled
very happy and so sad that
which is the Galley walked maromba
buying the products was taken
mistaken
And I really pray for what they do.
on the eyes of the market but beyond the
first to talk about it and wander
guy who for me is one or more strong
all I walk and why it 's good he said
he spoke and tish and has 16 was himself
face I wanted from this league but that rolled and
You must be wanting the guy's head because
he still took that stop
Is everyone talking about my bar?
grandmother was the brand that arrived at first
with everything normal in the market to do
this they did a nude effect
Vittorio service when victory
has a defect in the legal business
solidifying the stop is that thing of the
broked
you have the right to ask here
Sorry to ask for your money back.
Or do you have that equivalent?
I just think he does not have the capacity
to do what on the list has to
return people's money and with
this will fail business so they do not
They will be able to speak here O my comrade
here the 2009 feed bought the full
from ex parra knows what to do will tell
will return my watch victory service
is not defective business says it has to be
fuck - we're implementing and moldy
dude dude can you come, Carlos?
Colla Chávez wants to stay like this .
half will be left with pieces of malt with
wheat is not okay to change partners
that's how it rolls and
well done br press binge once more
face congratulations pro am the black pop kanye
It's a fuck if you do not like this staff a lot.
of são paulo but not but there the andré is a
separately
the second is fuck wheel wheel wheel failure
and that's it I had to talk today that
now the market will be clean will leave the
Fuck the shit that 's there.
among them chi chi chi chi wheat and
flour goes away among others, right?
It was only the renovation not but it was the worst of
all forms
I think your brand has a
good
I honestly did not expect this for
this evaluation, since they have made it
example that no one else does what
Now we're on the lookout for her.
evaluated braz until next day 20
I'm at home.